README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Readme and Contact info updates

README.md, after:

# Deadlock Numbers

Deadlock Numbers is a Next.js dashboard for exploring hero stats and ability data scraped from the Deadlock assets API. It pairs sortable data tables with comparison charts so you can spot outliers, theorycraft builds, and sanity-check in-game balance at a glance.

Live site: <https://deadlock-numbers.vercel.app>  
Source: <https://github.com/mattiapearl/deadlock-numbers>

## Key Views

- **View 1 · Weapon & Level Scaling** – Table covering base stats, per-level growth, pellets, DPS, and spirit bonuses.
- **View 2 · Weapon & Visual Scaling** – Line chart that compares gun DPS, spirit growth, and survivability curves across heroes.
- **View 3 · Ability Spirit Scaling** – Overlay hero abilities to understand burst damage and spirit scaling at different spirit totals.
- **View 4 · Ability Burst & Shred** – Detail table summarising cooldowns, spirit shred, and damage amplification effects.

## Running Locally

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

The app runs on <http://localhost:3000>. Production builds run through `pnpm build`.

## Data & Contact

- Live data is fetched from `https://assets.deadlock-api.com/v2`.
- For feature requests or bug reports, reach out on Discord (`mattia2604`) or open an issue on GitHub.

## Thanks

- Mattia – [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@mattiadl) · [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/mattiadltv)
- Lightbringer – [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/lightbringer_dl)
- Deadlock API team (Raimann) – [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/raimannma)
